=head1 NAME

IdentityTags - Tags like identity function.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  <mt:val value="1" />
  <mt:val value="a" upper_case="1" />

  <mt:valblock>1</mt:valblock>
  <mt:valblock decode_html="1"><p>paragraph here.</p></mt:valblock>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

IdentityTags is a Movable Type plugin that give a function tag and a block tag like identity function.

You can simply use global modifiers than ever.

=head1 INSTALL

=over 4

=item 1. Download it here L<https://github.com/taiju/mt-plugin-identity-tags/zipball/master>.

=item 2. Unpack it.

=item 3. Copy mt-plugin-identity-tags/plugins/IdentityTags/ to your {MT_HOME}/plugins/IdentityTags.

=back

=head1 TAGS

=head2 Val

A function tag used to return value as it is. 

It can use any global modifiers.

B<Attributes:>

=over 4

=item * value

The value to set the return value.

If set any global modifiers, it return value that applied modifiers.

=back

B<Example: without global modifiers>

  <mt:Val value="1" />

Produces:

  1

B<Example: with global modifiers>

  <mt:Val value="a" upper_case="1" />

Produces:

  A

=head2 ValBlock

A block tag used to return value as it is. 

It can use any global modifiers.

B<Example: without global modifiers>

  <mt:ValBlock>1</mt:ValBlock>

Produces:

  1

B<Example: with global modifiers>

  <mt:ValBlock decode_html="1"><p>Hello!!</p></mt:ValBlock>

Produces:

  &lt;p&gt;Hello!!&lt;/g&gt;

=head1 SEE ALSO

MTVal DEMO L<http://higashizm.sakura.ne.jp/mt/html/val.html>

MTValBlock DEMO L<http://higashizm.sakura.ne.jp/mt/html/valblock.html>

Identity function L<http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_function>

=head1 AUTHOR

HIGASHI Taiju E<lt>higashi@taiju.infoE<gt>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2012  HIGASHI Taiju

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=cut
